Tell me about your most challenging customers. How did you resolve their issues and make them satisfied?
Tell me about a time when you had to make a decision without having all the data or information you needed.
Which Amazon leadership principle resonates with you most?
Tell me about at time when you were working on a project, and you realised you needed to make changes to what you were doing. How did you feel about the work you already completed?
Can you describe a time you took the lead on a project?
Think about a time you received negative feedback. How did you deal with that?
Tell me about a time you had to deal with ambiguity. How did you overcome the ambiguity to reach a positive outcome?
Describe a time when you had a set amount of time to complete a task.
Tell me about a time when you were wrong.
Tell me about a time when you motived others.
Tell me about a time when you disagreed with your manager and how you handled it.
Tell me about an obstacle you encountered in your career and how you overcame it.
Tell me about a time you took a risk and failed. What did you learn from that experience?
Tell me about a time you were faced with an unfamiliar task.
Tell me about a time you coached someone as part of your current role.
Tell me about a time you faced conflict within your role. How did you handle it?
Tell me about a time you helped a co-worker in their work.
Tell me about a project you were proud of. How did you ensure high standards were met in delivering that project?
Tell me about a time you showed initiative. 
Tell me about time you had to work to earn someone’s trust.
Tell me about a time when you were given a project to work on, but your responsibilities were unclear.
Tell me about a time you saw a co-worker struggling with a task.
Tell me about a time you had to make an unpopular decision.
Tell me about a time you had to ask for help at work.
Tell me about a time when your actions directly impacted customer satisfaction.
Tell me about your proud professional achievement.
Tell me about when you faced a complex problem and managed to come up with a simple solution. 
Tell me about something you have learnt recently in your current role.
Tell me about a time when you had to prioritise the needs of many customers.
Tell me about a time when you influenced change in some way by only asking questions.
Tell me about at time you had to make a tough decision without consulting anybody. 
Tell me about a time you had to provide feedback for someone. 
Tell me about a time when you had to motivate co-workers to work together as a team.
Tell me about a time when you faced a challenge with a number of solutions. How did you decide on a solution?
Tell me about a time when you used data to develop a strategy.
Tell me about a time when you helped a co-worker who didn’t want help.
Tell me about a time when a manager asked you to do something with which you disagreed. 
Tell me about a time when you failed to meet a deadline. How did you cope with that? 
Tell me about a time you had an innovative idea that had a positive impact.
Tell me about a project you wish you had done better, and how you would do it better today.
Tell me about a time when you led a team.
Tell me about the last time you failed at work. 
Tell me about a time you faced conflict within a team, and how you dealt with that.
Tell me about a time you disagreed with your manager.
Tell me about a time you overcame a really difficult challenge.
Tell me about a piece of difficult feedback you received and how you handled it. 
Tell me about a time you got people to agree with your point of view.
Tell me about your most successful product. 
Tell me about your proudest professional accomplishment.
Describe a time when you saw some problem and took the initiative to correct it rather than waiting for someone else to do it.
Tell me about a time when you worked under close supervision or extremely loose supervision. How did you handle that?
Give me an example of a time you were able to be creative with your work. What was exciting or difficult about it?
Tell me about a time you were dissatisfied in your work. What could have been done to make it better?
Tell me about a time you had to be very strategic in order to meet all your top priorities.
Describe a long-term project that you managed. How did you keep everything moving along in a timely manner?
Sometimes it’s just not possible to get everything on your to-do list done. Tell me about a time your responsibilities got a little overwhelming. What did you do?
Tell me about a time you set a goal for yourself. How did you go about ensuring that you would meet your objective?
Give me an example of a time you managed numerous responsibilities. How did you handle that?
Tell me about a time you failed.
Talk to me about a mistake you made.
Tell me about some tough feedback you’ve received.
Tell me about a time when you helped a customer through a difficult process and what that looked like.
Tell me about at time when you prioritised customer’s needs.
Tell me about a time when you didn’t meet a customer’s expectation. What happened, and how did you attempt to rectify the situation?
Tell me about your most difficult customer.
Tell me the story of the last time you had to apologise to someone.
Tell me about a time you obsessed over giving very high quality service to a customer.
Give me an example of when you took a risk and failed.
Tell me about a time when you had to make a difficult short-term decision to make long term gains.
Tell me about a time when you had to work on a project with unclear responsibilities.
Tell me about a time when you had to leave a task unfinished.
Tell me about a time when you took on a task that went beyond your normal responsibilities. 
Tell me about a time when you took it upon yourself to work on a challenging initiative.
Tell me about a time when you created an innovative product.
Tell me about a time when you failed to simplify a process, and what you would have done differently.
Tell me about a time when you innovated on something and it went wrong.
Tell me about a time when you changed a process at work through either an innovative new way or simplification.
Tell me about a time when you invented something.
Tell me about a time when you gave a simple solution to a complex problem.
Tell me about a time when you observed two business opportunities to improve ROI, and how did you determine they were connected?
Tell me about a time when you had to work with incomplete data or information.
Tell me about a time when you were wrong.
Tell me about a time when you had to use your judgement to solve a problem.
Tell me about a time when you incorporated a diverse set of perspectives into solving a problem.
Tell me about a time when you had your beliefs challenged and how you responded.
Tell me about a time when you had to make a quick decision that was going to have a significant impact on the organisation.
Tell me about how you find the time to stay inspired, acquire new knowledge, and innovate in your work?
Tell me about a time when you solved a problem through just superior knowledge or observation.
Tell me about a time when you influenced a change by only asking questions.
Tell me about an experience you went through that changed your way of thinking.
Tell me about at time when your curiosity helped you to make a smarter decision.
Tell me about the most important lesson you learned in the past year.
Tell me about a time when you had to deal with a poor performer on your team.
Tell me about a time when you made the wrong hire. When did you figure it out and what did you do?
Tell me about at time when you mentored someone.
Tell me about the best hire you ever made.
What qualities do you look for most when hiring others?
Who is the most important person in your life and why? (????)
Tell me about a time when you could have stopped working on something but you persisted.
Tell me about a time when a team member didn’t meet your expectations on a project.
Tell me about a time when you couldn’t meet your own expectations on a project.
Tell me about at time when you raised the bar.
Tell me about a time when you motivated a team to go above and beyond.
Tell me about a time when you were dissatisfied when the quality of something at work and went out of your way to improve it.
Tell me about a time when you proposed a new business.
Tell me about a time when you went way beyond the scope of the project and delivered.
Tell me about your proudest professional achievement.
Tell me about a time when you were disappointed because you didn’t think big enough. 
Tell me about a time when your vision resulted in a big impact.
Tell me about a time when you had to make a bold and difficult decision.
Tell me how you would handle a busy situation where three people are waiting for help from you.
Tell me about a time when you took a calculated risk.
Tell me about a time you needed to get information from someone who wasn’t very responsive.
Tell me about a time when you saw some problem and took the initiative to correct it rather than waiting for someone to else to do it.
Tell me about at time when you had to make a decision with little data or information
Tell me about at time when you made a decision too quickly and what you would have done differently.
Tell me about a time when you came up with a clever way to save money for the company.
Tell me about a time when you had to work with limited time or resources.
Tell me about a time when you had to rely on yourself to finish a task.
Tell me about a time when you turned down more resources to complete an assignment.
Tell me about a time when you beat out the competition with less resources.
Tell me about a time when you had to be frugal.
Tell me about a time when you earned the trust of a group.
Tell me about a time when you had to tell someone a harsh truth.
What is the quality you value least about yourself?
What do you do to gain the trust of your teammates?
Tell me about at time when you had to speak up in a difficult environment.
Tell me about a time when you had to dive deep into data and the results you achieved.
Tell me about something you learnt recently in your role.
Give me two examples of when you did more than was required in any job experience.
Tell me about the most complex problem you’ve ever worked on.
Tell me about at time when understanding the details of a situation helped you arrived to a solution.
Tell me about a time you utilised in-depth data to come across a solution.
Tell me about the most difficult interaction you had at work.
Tell me about a time when you had to step up and disagree with a team-member’s approach.
If your direct manager was instructing you to do something you disagreed with; how would you handle it?
Tell me about a time you did not accept the status quo.
Tell me about an unpopular decision of yours.
What do you believe that no one else does?
Tell me about a time when you overcame an obstacle and delivered the results.
Tell me about a time when you were 75% of the way through a project and you had to pivot strategy. How did you make it into a success story?
Tell me about a time when you had to handle a variety of assignments. Describe the results.
What is the most difficult situation you have ever faced in your life. How did you handle it?
Tell me about a time when you had too much on your plate to deal with, and how you handled getting everything done.
Tell me about a time when everyone else on your team gave up on something but you pushed the team towards delivering a result.
